[bugfix] Sui tool snapshot download cli arg fixes (#17766)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/operator/snapshots.mdx

       --skip-indexes \
       --no-sign-request
   ```
   - `--epoch`: The epoch that you want to download. Mysten Labs hosted buckets will only keep the last 90 epochs, you can check the most recent epoch on sui explorers like [suivision](https://suivision.xyz/) or [suiscan](https://suiscan.xyz/).

>    - `--latest`: Rather than explictly passing a epoch via `--epoch`, you can pass the `--latest` flag, which will automatically select the latest snapshot`

Reviewer: Cool. Should we make this the default in the example command above?

   * *GCS*: `GCS_SNAPSHOT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_FILE_PATH`
   * *AZURE*: `AZURE_SNAPSHOT_STORAGE_ACCOUNT`, `AZURE_SNAPSHOT_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY`

> 1. When using `sui-tool download-db-snapshot` the db is copied to the location you've passed to `--path`, in a directory named `epoch_[NUM]`. You'll need to move this directory to the `live/` fullnode db dir, eg: `/opt/sui/db/authorities_db/full_node_db/live`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. When using `sui-tool download-db-snapshot` the database is copied to the location you pass to `--path`, in a directory named `epoch_[NUM]`. Move this directory to the `live/` Full node database directory, for example `/opt/sui/db/authorities_db/full_node_db/live`.
```
